Narrator: PREVIOUSLY
ON "YU-GI-OH..."
Tea: JOEY'S GOT BARELY
ANY LIFE POINTS LEFT!
AND MAI'S GOT 4,000!
THE GOOD NEWS IS...
IT'S HIS MOVE NOW,
SO HE'S GOT ONE MORE CHANCE
TO TURN THINGS AROUND.
IT'S NOT LIKE IT
REALLY MATTERS ANYWAY,
'CAUSE NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS
SOMEONE'S GONNA END UP
LOSING THEIR SOUL!
Joey: I'LL PLAY
THIS FACEDOWN.
YOUR MOVE, MAI.
I SACRIFICE
MY TWO HARPIES!
THAT ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
HARPIE'S PET DRAGON!
AND, THANKS TO THE SEAL
OF ORICHALCOS,
IT GETS 500 MORE POINTS!
PLUS IT GETS
ANOTHER 300 POINTS
FOR EVERY HARPIE
I HAVE ON THE FIELD!
[ROARS]
IT'S BEEN NICE
KNOWING YOU, WHEELER!
HERMOS...
YOU'RE ON.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO MEET
MY NEW FRIEND...
HERMOS!
[GROWLING]
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
HOW ABOUT A WARM
WELCOME FOR HERMOS!
THAT'S NOT ONE
OF HIS CARDS!
WELL, IT LOOKS
LIKE IT IS NOW.
THAT'S RIGHT.
JUST AS I WAS GIVEN
THE EYE OF TIMEAUS,
JOEY WAS CHOSEN TO WIELD
THE CLAW OF HERMOS.
THAT'S ODD.
HOW DID A HACK
LIKE WHEELER
GET HIS HANDS
ON THAT CARD?
JUST BECAUSE
HE HAS THE CARD
DOESN'T MEAN HE KNOWS
HOW TO USE IT.
THAT'LL BE THE TRUE
TEST OF HIS POWER.
[PANTING]
I GOTTA GET THEM
OUT OF HERE--AND FAST!
LOOKS LIKE THE MAIN
SECURITY SYSTEM!
I JUST NEED TO FIGURE
OUT HOW IT WORKS!
Joey: CHECK
THIS OUT, MAI!
I FOUND THE SECRET
TO ENDING THIS DUEL
AND SAVING US BOTH!
AND IT ALL
STARTS WITH THIS!
SO, FIRST...
I'LL BRING BACK
FIEND MEGACYBER!
BIG DEAL!
TO REFRESH YOUR MEMORY,
MY HARPIES PET DRAGON
DISINTEGRATED YOUR
PUNY FIEND ONCE,
AND SHE'LL DO IT AGAIN
WITHOUT EVEN FLINCHING!
RELAX!
DID I SAY I WAS DONE?
NEXT, I PLAN TO
REACQUAINT YOU
WITH MY OLD FRIEND
TIME WIZARD!
[CLOCK TICKING]
AND NOW...
HERE'S HERMOS!
[GASPS]
HOLD ON TO YOUR HAIRDO!
[ROARING]
Joey: NEXT I'M GONNA
COMBINE MY HERMOS
AND MY TIME
WIZARD TOGETHER!
[ROARS]
[THINKING]
THIS IS GONNA BE HUGE.
I CAN FEEL IT.
[GASPS]
OH, BOY.
[GROWLS]
[LAUGHING]
WHOA, GOOD ONE!
I'M REALLY SHAKING
IN ME BOOTS!
I HAVEN'T SEEN A DUEL
MONSTER THAT SCARY
IN A LONG TIME.
RUN!
IT'S A CROQUET
HAMMER WITH WINGS!
OH, MAN!
WHAT WAS HE THINKING
PLAYING THAT!?
CAN HE CHANGE THAT HAMMER
THINGY BACK INTO A DRAGON!?
THERE'S NO NEED TO.
MM-HMM.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS
CAN BE DECEIVING.
WHO CARES WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE!?
I'M GONNA TRUST MY DECK
AND USE MY NEW WEAPON!
NOW, MY FIEND MEGACYBER,
PICK UP THAT HAMMER!
[ROARING]
ALL RIGHT...
TIME TO FLATTEN
YOUR MONSTERS!
[ROARING]
I'M SURE JOEY KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING OUT THERE,
RIGHT, TRISTAN!?
I DOUBT IT.
[GROWLING]
[THINKING]
HIS MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE STILL LOWER THAN MINE,
BUT I HAVE TO
PLAY IT SAFE.
ACTIVATE HARPIE LADY
SPARROW FORMATION!
YOUR FIEND AND HIS LITTLE
HAMMER ARE HISTORY!
Joey: DON'T BE SO SURE!
THAT LITTLE HAMMER
HAS ALL THE POWER
OF MY DRAGON
AND MY TIME WIZARD!
Tristan: WHAT'S WITH
ALL THE NUMBERS, TEA?
ANY IDEA WHAT'S
GOING ON?
UH, SORRY,
TRISTAN.....
I'M THE WRONG
PERSON TO ASK.
[LAUGHING]
THANKS FOR THE COUNTING
LESSON, MATE!
CAN YOU DO ME A FAVOR
WITH YOUR NEXT ATTACK
AND TEACH ME
THE ALPHABET?!
HA HA! GET IT...
THE ALPHABET...?
DO SOMETHING!
FINE, I END MY TURN.
ARE YOU STILL TRYING
TO LOSE ON PURPOSE!?
YOU'RE NO FUN AT ALL.
I'M HERE TO PROVE
I'M THE BETTER DUELIST
AND YOU'RE QUITTING?
YOU'RE WRONG!
LISTEN--
I'VE HEARD ENOUGH
OUT OF YOU!
LET'S MOVE ON!
ALL I WANT TO
DO RIGHT NOW
IS GET YOU OUT
OF MY SIGHT!
IT ALL ENDS HERE...
LOOK OUT!
HUH?!
WHAT'S GOING ON!
MY HARPIES!
[SCREAMING]
OH, NO!
WHAT'D YOU DO
TO THEM!?
I'M AS CONFUSED
AS YOU ARE!
ALL HER MONSTERS
DISAPPEARED AT ONCE!
I SEE THAT,
BUT HOW!?
MUST HAVE BEEN
SOMETHING JOEY DID!
I GUESS JOEY'S HAMMER
WAS ABLE TO DESTROY
ALL OF MAI'S MONSTERS
SOMEHOW, RIGHT?
I'M NOT SO SURE.
TAKE A CLOSE LOOK
AT THE FIELD.
THE HOLE JOEY CREATED
IS STILL THERE...
WHICH COULD MEAN
THAT MAI'S MONSTERS
AREN'T GONE FOR GOOD.
THEY MAY RETURN!
Mai: IF YOU WANT TO LOSE
THIS DUEL, THEN FINE!
BE MY GUEST!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACE DOWN!
NOW MAKE YOUR MOVE!
LOOK, I DON'T
WANT TO LOSE!
IN FACT, I DON'T WANT
EITHER OF US TO LOSE,
WHICH IS WHY THERE'S
SOMETHING I GOTTA DO!
READY?
NOW, FIEND MEGACYBER,
ATTACK HER LIFE
POINTS DIRECTLY!
[GRUNTS]
[THINKING]
SHE'LL FORGIVE ME
SOMEDAY.
MAI!
DON'T WORRY, WE'LL GET HER SOUL
NO MATTER WHICH ONE LOSES.
HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT!?
SHE'S ONE OF US NOW!
Joey: I'LL ALSO PUT ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
I HAVE TO MAKE SURE
OUR LIFE POINTS
HIT ZERO AT THE SAME TIME,
THEN WE'LL BOTH BE SAVED!
HUH?!
YOU OK, MAI?
[GASPING]
I CAN'T LOSE...
I CAN'T GO
BACK THERE...
I CAN'T LOSE.
Marik: LOOKS LIKE I WIN!
YOU CAN'T DO
THIS TO ME!
[LAUGHING]
[GROANING]
I GAVE UP EVERYTHING...
JUST TO BE A WINNER.
NOW I'LL NEVER LOSE.
HEY, MAI?
OH, SAVE IT!
MY MOVE!
HUH?
Tristan: ONE OF MAI'S
MONSTERS JUST CAME BACK!
HOW'D SHE
DO THAT?
HOLD ON!
IT'S THOSE NUMBERS!
JOEY'S HAMMER WAS CREATED
FROM TIME WIZARD,
SO I HAVE A FEELING IT DIDN'T
DESTROY MAI'S MONSTERS AT ALL,
BUT RATHER SENT THEM
INTO THE FUTURE!
OF COURSE.
NOW, WHY DIDN'T
I THINK OF THAT!?
EACH ONE WAS TRANSPORTED
FORWARD IN TIME
BY A DIFFERENT
NUMBER OF TURNS!
THAT'S WHY ALL THOSE
NUMBERS SHOWED UP
WHEN JOEY ATTACKED
WITH HIS HAMMER!
EACH NUMBER MUST
HAVE REPRESENTED
A FUTURE TURN IN THE DUEL.
WHICH MEANS MAI'S MONSTERS
WON'T SHOW UP UNTIL
THAT TURN STARTS!
UNFORTUNATELY FOR JOEY,
HARPIE'S PET DRAGON HAD
THE NUMBER ONE ABOVE IT...
SO IT SHOWED UP FIRST.
AND WHAT'S WORSE...
IT'S MAI'S TURN
TO ATTACK NOW!
HERE'S A TIP, WHEELER.
NEXT TIME YOU PLAY A CARD,
KNOW HOW IT WORKS!
THEN AGAIN,
THERE'S NOT GONNA BE A NEXT
TIME FOR YOU, PRETTY-BOY!
HARPIE'S PET DRAGON,
DESTROY HIS FIEND NOW!
I WOULDN'T DO THAT
IF I WERE HER.
MAI, WAIT!
[GROWLING]
REVEAL
FACE DOWN CARD!
MY SKULL DICE!
YOUR DRAGON'S ABOUT TO
LOSE SOME ATTACK POINTS!
WE'LL FIND OUT HOW MANY
ONCE I ROLL THE DIE!
HUH?
GO, SKULL DICE!!
A TWO!
THAT MEANS YOUR
HARPIE'S PET DRAGON
LOSES HALF OF ITS
ATTACK POINTS NOW!
[GROANS]
OH, NO!
WE'RE ALMOST EVEN!
I HAVE TO WIN.
MAI, YOU OK?
CAN'T LOSE...
WON'T GO BACK THERE...
HAVE TO WIN...
OH, WELL...
SHE'S LOST IT.
VALON!
WHAT ARE
YOU DOING!?
WITH THIS FRAGMENT OF
THE ORICHALCOS STONE...
I UNLOCK THE SEAL!
[SCREAMS]
[GRUNTING]
NO!
JOEY, ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT!
JOEY!
OH, MAN.
WHY DID HE DO THAT??
WHAT WERE YOU
THINKING, VALON?
YOU BETRAYED MASTER DARTZ
AND RISKED YOUR OWN SOUL!
AND YOU MEAN TO TELL ME YOU DID
ALL THAT JUST SO YOU COULD SAVE
SOME GIRL, VALON?
SHE'S NOT JUST
SOME GIRL!
WOULD YOU LISTEN
TO YOURSELF!?
[GROWLS]
I'LL MAKE UP FOR THIS...
BY TAKING YOUR
SOUL, PHARAOH!
THE POWER AROUND MY NECK
PUTS YOUR PUZZLE TO SHAME!
[GRUNTING]
Duke: THIS
SHOULD DO IT!
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
AWESOME!
I CRACKED
THE SECURITY SYSTEM!
Tristan: HEY, LOOK!
WE'RE NOT LOCKED
IN ANYMORE!
Tea: BUT WHERE DID
THOSE CREEPS GO?
JOEY!
YOU OK, MAN!?
DON'T GIVE UP
ON US NOW!
JOEY!
[GASPING]
WHERE'S MAI?
DID DOSE PUNKS
TAKE HER!?
GUESS SO.
YEAH...
SHE'S GONE.
OH, NO! I WAS SO CLOSE.
[GROANS]
I'LL GET YOU BACK, MAI!
HOW COULD I LET THEM
TAKE MAI AWAY?
Tea: IT'S NOT
YOUR FAULT.
SHE'S GONE.
I FAILED.
FACE IT, DUDE...
SHE TURNED HER BACK
ON ALL OF US
AND JOINED THE BAD GUYS.
WHATEVER HAPPENS TO HER
NOW IS HER OWN FAULT.
TAKE IT EASY,
TRISTAN!
JOEY'S GOT ENOUGH ON
HIS MIND NOW!
HE'S GOTTA FACE FACTS.
COME ON.
YOU SAW.
MAI WASN'T JUST PLAYING
A FRIENDLY GAME OF DUEL
MONSTERS OUT THERE, TEA.
SHE WAS AFTER JOEY'S SOUL!
TRISTAN, THAT'S ENOUGH.
I'M JUST BEING HONEST.
[GRUNTING]
HUH?
KAIBA!
OH, GREAT.
WHAT ARE ALL YOU
GUYS DOING HERE?
HUH?
DUKE'S HERE, TOO?
WHOA, IT'S A PARTY.
WHAT BRINGS YOU HERE?
Kaiba: CERTAINLY NOT
THE DWEEB CONVENTION.
Tristan: JUST TAKE A HIKE!
WHY DON'T YOU?
ANY SIGN OF PEGASUS?
MM-MMM.
I'M AFRAID WE
WERE TOO LATE.
THAT'S RIGHT...
BELIEVE IT OR NOT,
MAI VALENTINE GOT TO
HIM BEFORE WE DID.
SHE TOOK HIS SOUL WITH
SOME ORICHALCOS THING.
ORICHALCOS?
KAIBA...
HAVE YOU EXPERIENCED
THIS CARD BEFORE?
YOU BET!
SETO JUST WIPED
THE FLOOR
WITH SOMEONE
WHO PLAYED IT.
HE PRETENDED
TO BE PEGASUS
AND THEN MADE US
FLY ALL THE WAY
TO DUELIST KINGDOM
TO DUEL HIM!
AND THEN HE RAN AWAY.
SO, WE CAME HERE TO
GET SOME ANSWERS.
WHOEVER CAPTURED PEGASUS
IS TRYING TO TAKE
OVER MY COMPANY...
AND THAT'S UNACCEPTABLE.
[THINKING]
PEGASUS SAID SOMEONE
WAS AFTER HIM.
WE JUST NEED TO
FIND OUT WHY!
I MUST STOP THEM.
THEY'RE RUINING
THE REPUTATION OF MY GAME,
AND I'M AFRAID THAT'S JUST
NOT GOOD FOR BUSINESS.
THE ONLY CATCH
IS IT'S TOO RISKY
TO LEAVE YOU ANY
INFORMATION ON THIS TAPE.
SO, THAT MEANS YOU'LL HAVE
TO COME SEE ME IN PERSON!
AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST,
I'VE ENCLOSED
A ONE-OF-A-KIND CARD.
GUARD IT WITH YOUR LIFE!
THEY MUSTN'T TAKE IT!
HMM...
Yugi: HOLD ON!
THIS CARD PEGASUS
SENT US MAY BE A CLUE.
IT SEEMS TO CONTAIN
THE IMAGE OF A KEY.
HUH? WAIT!
THERE WAS ONE
DOOR UPSTAIRS
THAT WOULDN'T UNLOCK
EVEN WHEN I CRACKED
THE SECURITY SYSTEM!
THAT'S IT!
TAKE US THERE
RIGHT NOW!
UH...CALM DOWN.
WHO INVITED YOU!?
WE WERE HERE FIRST,
YOU MOOCHER!
IT'LL BE
ALL RIGHT, JOEY.
WE'LL RESCUE MAI.
THANKS, YUG.
Tristan: WHAT DO YOU
THINK IS UP THERE?
Tea: WE'LL
SOON FIND OUT.
Rex: WHAT ARE WE,
CHOPPED LIVER?
I TELL YOU, YOU AND I
GET NO RESPECT AT ALL.
WHO NEEDS RESPECT!?
IF THEY IGNORE US,
IT'LL BE THAT MUCH
EASIER TO SNEAK IN!
[LAUGHS]
YEAH!
WHATEVER'S BEHIND THAT DOOR
WILL BE OURS!
Tristan: HOW CAN ANYONE FIND
THEIR WAY AROUND THIS PLACE?
THAT'S THE DOOR, GUYS.
NOW WE JUST NEED TO
FIGURE OUT HOW TO OPEN IT
WITH A DUEL MONSTERS CARD.
ANYONE GOT ANY IDEAS?
HMM.
Duke: EXACTLY WHAT
I WOULD'VE DONE.
SO, WHO WANTS TO GO
IN THERE FIRST?
MAYBE WE CAN ALL DRAW
STRAWS OR SOMETHING, HUH?
HMM!
Joey: LET'S CLOSE
THE DOOR AND RUN.
Tea: JOEY!
NO WAY!
THIS IS WEIRD.
UH, YEAH.
AND I'D SAY
BORDERLINE CREEPY.
I HATE THESE TOONS.
LET'S MAKE THIS
VISIT QUICK.
AH!!
IT'S THE JACKPOT!
PEGASUS PROBABLY STASHED
HIS RAREST CARDS IN HERE!
YEAH!
THEN WHY ARE WE
STANDING HERE?
PEGASUS!?
NOT QUITE.
IT'S A HOLOGRAM.
YUGI-BOY!
AT LEAST I HOPE IT'S YOU
THAT FOUND THIS ROOM.
BY THE WAY,
IF YOU COULDN'T TELL,
I DID ALL THE INTERIOR
DECORATING MYSELF.
PRETTY IMPRESSIVE,
ISN'T IT?
THIS GUY HAS GOTTA
GET OVER HIMSELF.
KEEP IT DOWN.
I CAN'T HEAR!
IF YOU'RE HEARING THIS...
THAT CAN ONLY MEAN
THE GENTLEMEN WHO
ARE AFTER MY SOUL
WERE FINALLY ABLE
TO CAPTURE ME.
SO, PLEASE LISTEN CLOSELY.
THIS IS IT.
Pegasus: IT ALL BEGAN
WHEN A MYSTERIOUS MAN
TRIED TO BUY OUT
MY COMPANY.
HOLD ON.
I GOT DRAGGED INTO
THIS WHOLE MESS
BECAUSE SOMEONE IS TRYING
TO BUY OUT MY COMPANY ALSO.
THAT'S RIGHT!
BUT THERE'S MORE...
THIS INDIVIDUAL POSSESSES
AN ANCIENT POWER
STRONGER THAN ANY I'VE SEEN.
AND HIS NAME...
IS DARTZ.
[GASPS]
WHO'S DARTZ?!
WHO CARES, YUGI...
Pegasus:
YOU'RE IN DANGER!!
DARTZ PLANS TO USE MY GAME
TO DESTROY CIVILIZATION.
HE MUST BE STOPPED.
AND THE KEY TO
TAKING HIM DOWN
IS SOMEWHERE
IN THIS ROOM!
Pegasus: EVER SINCE
MY RETIREMENT BEGAN,
I'VE HAD A LOT OF
TIME ON MY HANDS.
SO, I BEGAN TO
FURTHER MY STUDIES
OF THE ANCIENT EGYPTIAN
ORIGINS OF DUEL MONSTERS--
AND I MADE
AN ASTONISHING DISCOVERY.
THESE CREATURES
EXISTED LONG BEFORE
THE PYRAMIDS WERE EVEN BUILT!
IN THE CITY
OF ATLANTIS.
AND THAT'S WHERE THIS DARTZ
CHARACTER COMES IN.
HE'S TRYING TO RESURRECT
THE MOST TERRIFYING BEAST
EVER TO ROAM THE EARTH...
THE GREAT LEVIATHAN!
BY DRAINING THE SOULS
OF MAN AND BEAST
IN ORDER TO BUILD UP
THE STRENGTH
OF THIS UNSTOPPABLE MONSTER!
YES,
OF COURSE!
THE AGE OF DESTRUCTION
IS HERE.
THE EARTH SHALL BE
SHROUDED IN DARKNESS..
AND YOUR VERY SOUL
SHALL FUEL THE FORCE
THAT DEVASTATES MANKIND.
WHAT DO YOU
MEAN BY THAT?
[LAUGHING]
A GREAT BEAST IS NOW AWAKENING
FROM ITS ANCIENT SLUMBER
TO COMPLETE WHAT IT
BEGAN CENTURIES AGO.
BUT BEFORE IT CAN ARISE,
IT MUST FEAST
UPON ENOUGH SOULS.
IF HIS PLAN WORKS...
DARTZ WILL HAVE
SUCCEEDED IN UNLEASHING
A TRULY DEVASTATING POWER...
THE LIKES OF WHICH HAVE NOT
BEEN SEEN FOR 10,000 YEARS.
YOU'RE OUR ONLY HOPE!
SO, I'VE CREATED AN EXCLUSIVE
CARD JUST FOR YOU, YUGI-BOY!
Both: NO WAY!
Pegasus: I'VE HIDDEN
THIS ONE-OF-A-KIND CARD
SOMEWHERE IN THIS ROOM.
THINK STRATEGICALLY NOW.
WHERE CAN ONE FIND
AN EXTRA CARD?
POT OF GREED!
IN THE GAME OF
DUEL MONSTERS,
THAT LETS YOU DRAW
EXTRA CARDS!
Both: COME TO PAPA!
[SCREAMING]
[GASPS]
OH, REAL SPECIAL CARD!
THIS THING'S
COMPLETELY BLANK, GUYS!
Kaiba:
THEN IT'S WORTHLESS.
NOT NECESSARILY.
Pegasus:
TIME IS RUNNING OUT!
MY CUTE LITTLE
DUEL MONSTERS...
SOON THEY'LL BE GONE,
ALONG WITH THE REST
OF THE WORLD.
ONLY YOU CAN SAVE
THE POOR CREATURES
THAT MADE MY GAME FAMOUS!
Tristan: WHOA,
TALK ABOUT DRAMA.
AW, MAN!
THIS CAN'T
BE HAPPENING!
WHY WOULD MAI
JOIN A PLOT TO
DESTROY THE WORLD!??
I'M TELLING YOU,
THEY BRAINWASHED
HER OR SOMETHING!
WHY DON'T YOU ALL WAKE UP?
HUH?
THIS IS A HOAX...
ALL DESIGNED
BY PEGASUS.
THERE'S NO ONE
TRAVELING AROUND
STEALING PEOPLE'S SOULS
WITH SOME MAGIC PLAYING CARD.
IT'S THE SAME NONSENSE PEGASUS
PULLED IN DUELIST KINGDOM.
THINK ABOUT IT!
HE'S TRYING TO DISTRACT ME
LONG ENOUGH FOR HIM TO
TAKE OVER KAIBA CORP!
THAT'S ENOUGH!
YOU SHOULD WAKE UP!
IT'S NOT ALWAYS
ABOUT YOU!
THERE'S SOMETHING
GOING ON HERE
THAT'S BIGGER
THAN ALL OF US...
AND YOU KNOW IT!
THAT CARD!
WHERE DID YOU GET IT?
SAME PLACE I DID.
KAIBA...
YOU HAVE ONE OF
THESE, TOO...
DON'T YOU?
HUH?
YOU'RE REFERRING TO THIS?
Duke: YEAH...
NOTHING MAGIC
GOING ON HERE.
I BELIEVE
THE ONLY WAY
TO DEFEAT THIS
GREAT LEVIATHAN
IS TO USE THESE
3 CARDS TOGETHER.
SO, TRUST WHAT'S INSIDE
YOUR HEART AND JOIN US.
[GROWLS]